[mshaposh]  upload/validation webhook (#97)
redhat-appstudio/remote-secret: docs/USER.md

type: Error
```

#### Providing RemoteSecret data in a more secure and interactive way

If the `uploadSecret` way of data delivery is not secure or convenient enough, the data for existing or new `RemoteSecret` can be provided in an alternative way. The user creates a `RemoteSecret` with a data field, which is processed by webhook and never enters the etcd.

> Also, in case of an error, it will be immediately reported to the caller, without the need to wait for the reconciliation loop and check the object-s status. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, in case of an error, it will be immediately reported to the caller, without the need to wait for the reconciliation loop and check the object's status. 
```

Author: thx
